hey I am Zim uh I have some exciting
news I I got waxed starting tomorrow
a wax figure of me will be on display at
Madame Tussauds Hollywood until they
have something called the Jimmy Kimmel
Live experience so we decided to have
Jimmy Kimmel experience here too at our
show we brought wax me into our office
and we put it in strange places around
the building to surprise my co-workers
with special emphasis on my cousin
Mickey so please watch
[Music]
Oh
oh my
[Music]
keep watching us
I love you everybody keeps scaring me
it is so insane but so cute oh my god
[Music]
Oh
ah Jimmy I'm just gonna stand here so
whatever happens
Oh
[Music]
you guys are nuts
it's so bizarre it is so crazy okay come
on to me
[Applause]
[Music]
you know that was me every time we don't
even have a wax figure
[Music]
are you guys getting to know each other
right
I never mind all right I hope you have
many wonderful conversations together
that's my cousin Mickey everybody hey hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box